graduation day arrived a group of high
school students celebrated it by staying
three nights in the wet valley water
park for fun
lots of parties and youth excitement
there but one night a mysterious man
secretly placed two iron pieces in the
middle of one of the water slides and a
terrible thing started to happen
the teenagers held a race on the third
day where each student raced to slide to
be the fastest but the teenagers were
not aware that their bodies would be
mutilated in the middle of the tube
slide the visitors in the swimming pool
began to scream hysterically when they
saw the bodies of the victims the pool
had now turned blood red and the fun day
turned into a disaster however the
culprit had slipped through the crowd
undetected how can this mystery be
solved what is the real motive of the
perpetrator